Clarify that RWX filesystem volumes require migratable=false with dataEngine=v2 (#1052)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.4/rancher/csi-driver.md

    nfsOptions: "vers=4.2,noresvport,softerr,timeo=600,retrans=5"
  ```

  :::info important

>   To use standard RWX filesystem volumes, `migratable` must remain unset or be explicitly set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To use standard RWX filesystem volumes, the `migratable` parameter must be empty or explicitly set to `false`.
```

Author: Done, @jillian-maroket ! Thanks a lot for the review.

    nfsOptions: "vers=4.2,noresvport,softerr,timeo=600,retrans=5"
  ```

  :::info important

  The `migratable=true` parameter instructs Longhorn to create a migratable RWX block volume intended for VM live migration workflows, rather than a standard RWX filesystem volume.

>   When `migratable=true` is set, the standard RWX filesystem sharing layer managed by Longhorn `share-manager` and NFS services is not used.

Reviewer 2: I thought maybe we could remove this line. Just keeping the user informed that the `migratable=true` would not create the RWX filesystem volume should be enough.
WDYT?

(Please apply with the following versioned document)

Author: Deleted the first 2 sentences.

Thank you, @Vicente-Cheng !
